[Ambient: wind howling, radio static crackling]
NARRATOR: The Arctic station had been running on autopilot
for eleven months when Marcus first heard it.
A voice — low and deliberate — threading through the static
like smoke through a keyhole.
[Static increases sharply, then drops]
VOICE (distorted): ...if anyone receives this, the coordinates
are seventy-three north, forty-one west. Do not come alone.
MARCUS: Station log, day three-forty-two.
I've been at this post long enough to know
the difference between interference and intention.
That was intention.
[Sound of a chair scraping, then silence]
MARCUS: I'm going to play it back. Starting trace protocol now.
If this log is ever read by someone other than me —
it means I found something.
[Theme music begins — low synthesizer drone with distant choral elements]